This video shows how to run Python programs on Windows 10 PC without using Spyder.
The remaining videos use Spyder to do the same thing,
using a feature Spyder,
which may be phased out by the time you get to this point.
That feature, I'll discuss at the end of this video.
This is the program that we're going to run, print("Hello World!"),
just a simple program,
doesn't have to be complicated to illustrate running programs.
Here it is in my directory.
Now, to open a command prompt,
I'm going to get in here to Cortana, search field,
then I'll type CMD,
then I'll choose command prompt,
and there it opens.
Then I will type, cd space documents/pythoncoursera/lesson3.
That's where that pattern is on my machine.
Yours may be at a different place.
Now type, python hello, and run it.
That's all there's to.
Let me give you a couple of other things that you might need, and might not know.
If you need to know whether the program is saying you can type dir.
Now, in this case,
there's so many files there, I can't find it.
So, I type dir and hello,
and I use this wildcard asterisk
to show me everything that begins with "hello", and ends in.py.
And there are two things out there.
So, I can see that the file is there.
Also in getting there,
you may need to move upper directory.
Say, if we are from lesson three to the directory above it,
it may need to move down a directory,
and you can do that.
Now, let me show you another way to do this.
First, I'm going to shrink this to kind of get it over either way,
then I'm opening up this directory.
This is Windows Explorer,
and it shows "hello,
right there!", in this directory.
Now, let's go run hello again.
Click the end of the Cortana search field,
and type CMD, run the command prompt.
And I'm going to move this parallel to that,
so that they're both visible easily.
Up here, notice that this tells you where I am,
but it's not in a path for me.
But if I click here in the white,
it changes and highlights,
and I can type, Control+C and copy it.
Then I go over here, and type cd space,
Control+V to paste it there.
That keeps you from having to do all of this typing
and avoid errors and typos or somethings like that.
So, now we're at the right directory.
We can type python hello.py, and it runs again.
So, you just click here, paste here.
Now, let's look at a third way of doing this.
Back here in Spyder,
we've got the directory up there, "Hello" is here.
I'm going to use that to get there.
Click down here, CMD,
bring this up, put it up here parallel.
Now, I'm going to click over here, and highlight that,
press Control+C to copy it over the Window,
cd space, Control+V, put on the python hello.py,
and then run it.
Now, earlier in the course,
we wrote our programs here,
and then we ran them in the IPython console down here.
What we're going to do when we have whole words,
we're going to write them here,
and run them over here.
So, we've got a different pane that's outside of
Spyder running the program, but it works no different.
Let me type the change to this program.
Print("Goodbye"),
save that change over here,
paste that there, bring it in,
run it, do you see a change?
Now, let's look ahead at what's going to be coming up.
I'm going to be writing programs like this.
In my case, I have a copy of Spyder,
then in the tools menu,
there is an open command prompt, watch down here.
When I click on open command prompt,
I got a command prompt just like this one. Colors are reversed.
It's just like this one. I can type python hello.py,
and run this program.